Of course he did.
Is that you?
Son, I am from the past
I told you
How could Zhou Ruolan be the champion?
He is a bargain
How could he possibly be the champion?
Village Chief Zhao Ruolan is a liar
Almost got us father and son whipped
Send someone to take it down
Hurry up and throw it out of Zhaojiacun
Wait a minute
Zhao Ruolan is the champion
Haha, ant sports school is such a rubbish school
How can you produce champions?
Not even 100 years
The mouth is so vicious
Once Ruolan's results come out
Once you win the championship
It's not just about where you put your faces.
I see who dares to call my ant sports school rubbish
Hmph, Zhang Dongfang, don't be shameless
You ant school
It's Daiichi Nenger's shelter
What do you say I tell you
If you have the ability, get an Olympic fund and let me see
Zhao Ruolan, you cheat again and again
Are you worthy of your ancestors?
Somebody drag their father and daughter down for me
Give him 20.
Don't, don't hurt my daughter 20 times
I took her dad
None of us need to be whipped
When my grades come out
Will hit them hard
Zhao Ruolan, how dare you be stubborn?
Drag me down and whip
30 The results of the Olympic men's team have been broadcast
The next step is to announce the results of the women's Olympic team